you're never going to stop doubting
yourself so stop worrying about that
stop thinking about it none of that
matters in fact doubt is Evolution's
gift to you it's the thing that makes
you take skill acquisition seriously and
at the end of the day that's all that
matters whether you doubt yourself other
people doubt yourself as completely
irrelevant are you acquiring the skills
that you need to get better yes you
should work on your mindset yes you
should be able to find that gear where
you can believe that you're a badass and
you're capable of accomplishing the
things you want to accomplish but the
odds of you getting self-doubt to zero
are none focus on getting great
everything else will take care of itself